com/example/food_app/ui/Settings/SettingsViewModel.java
 com.example.food_app.ui.Settings.SettingsViewModel
com/example/food_app/Model/Products.java
 com.example.food_app.Model.Products
com/example/food_app/Customer.java
 com.example.food_app.Customer
 com.example.food_app.Customer$1
 com.example.food_app.Customer$2
 com.example.food_app.Customer$2$1
com/example/food_app/ui/Orders/OrdersViewModel.java
 com.example.food_app.ui.Orders.OrdersViewModel
com/example/food_app/ViewHolder/CartViewHolder.java
 com.example.food_app.ViewHolder.CartViewHolder
com/example/food_app/ViewHolder/MenuViewHolder.java
 com.example.food_app.ViewHolder.MenuViewHolder
com/example/food_app/OrderTrack.java
 com.example.food_app.OrderTrack
 com.example.food_app.OrderTrack$1
com/example/food_app/Order_Retailer_buy.java
 com.example.food_app.Order_Retailer_buy
 com.example.food_app.Order_Retailer_buy$1
 com.example.food_app.Order_Retailer_buy$1$1
com/example/food_app/ui/Cart/CartViewModel.java
 com.example.food_app.ui.Cart.CartViewModel
com/example/food_app/PaymentGateway.java
 com.example.food_app.PaymentGateway
com/example/food_app/login.java
 com.example.food_app.login
 com.example.food_app.login$1
 com.example.food_app.login$1$1
 com.example.food_app.login$2
 com.example.food_app.login$3
com/example/food_app/Model/Category.java
 com.example.food_app.Model.Category
com/example/food_app/Model/Cart.java
 com.example.food_app.Model.Cart
com/example/food_app/NewOrdersActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.NewOrdersActivity
 com.example.food_app.NewOrdersActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.NewOrdersActivity$1$1
 com.example.food_app.NewOrdersActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.food_app.NewOrdersActivity$AdminOrdersViewHolder
com/example/food_app/CartActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.CartActivity
 com.example.food_app.CartActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.CartActivity$2
 com.example.food_app.CartActivity$2$1
 com.example.food_app.CartActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.food_app.CartActivity$2$1$1$1
 com.example.food_app.CartActivity$3
com/example/food_app/DeleteActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.DeleteActivity
 com.example.food_app.DeleteActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.DeleteActivity$1$1
com/example/food_app/Locationhelper.java
 com.example.food_app.Locationhelper
com/example/food_app/dashboard.java
 com.example.food_app.dashboard
 com.example.food_app.dashboard$1
com/example/food_app/Config.java
 com.example.food_app.Config
com/example/food_app/DeleteDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.DeleteDetailsActivity
 com.example.food_app.DeleteDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.DeleteDetailsActivity$2
 com.example.food_app.DeleteDetailsActivity$3
com/example/food_app/ui/Orders/OrdersFragment.java
 com.example.food_app.ui.Orders.OrdersFragment
 com.example.food_app.ui.Orders.OrdersFragment$1
com/example/food_app/ui/Settings/SettingsFragment.java
 com.example.food_app.ui.Settings.SettingsFragment
 com.example.food_app.ui.Settings.SettingsFragment$1
com/example/food_app/Model/Users.java
 com.example.food_app.Model.Users
com/example/food_app/ConfirmFinalOrderActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity
 com.example.food_app.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$2
 com.example.food_app.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$3
 com.example.food_app.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$4
 com.example.food_app.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$4$1
com/example/food_app/CategoriesActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.CategoriesActivity
 com.example.food_app.CategoriesActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.CategoriesActivity$1$1
com/example/food_app/ViewHolder/ProductViewHolder.java
 com.example.food_app.ViewHolder.ProductViewHolder
com/example/food_app/ui/Categories/CategoriesFragment.java
 com.example.food_app.ui.Categories.CategoriesFragment
com/example/food_app/SearchProductActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.SearchProductActivity
 com.example.food_app.SearchProductActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.SearchProductActivity$2
 com.example.food_app.SearchProductActivity$3
 com.example.food_app.SearchProductActivity$3$1
com/example/food_app/ui/Cart/CartFragment.java
 com.example.food_app.ui.Cart.CartFragment
 com.example.food_app.ui.Cart.CartFragment$1
com/example/food_app/social_sitesLogin.java
 com.example.food_app.social_sitesLogin
 com.example.food_app.social_sitesLogin$1
 com.example.food_app.social_sitesLogin$2
 com.example.food_app.social_sitesLogin$3
 com.example.food_app.social_sitesLogin$4
 com.example.food_app.social_sitesLogin$4$1
com/example/food_app/OrderStatusActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.OrderStatusActivity
 com.example.food_app.OrderStatusActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.OrderStatusActivity$1$1
 com.example.food_app.OrderStatusActivity$1$2
 com.example.food_app.OrderStatusActivity$AdminOrdersViewHolder
com/example/food_app/OrderTracking.java
 com.example.food_app.OrderTracking
com/example/food_app/TAG.java
 com.example.food_app.TAG
com/example/food_app/trackOrderActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.trackOrderActivity
 com.example.food_app.trackOrderActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.trackOrderActivity$2
com/example/food_app/Model/AdminOrders.java
 com.example.food_app.Model.AdminOrders
com/example/food_app/AddNewProduct.java
 com.example.food_app.AddNewProduct
 com.example.food_app.AddNewProduct$1
 com.example.food_app.AddNewProduct$2
 com.example.food_app.AddNewProduct$3
 com.example.food_app.AddNewProduct$3$1
 com.example.food_app.AddNewProduct$3$2
 com.example.food_app.AddNewProduct$4
 com.example.food_app.AddNewProduct$5
com/example/food_app/GoogleMap.java
 com.example.food_app.GoogleMap
 com.example.food_app.GoogleMap$1
 com.example.food_app.GoogleMap$1$1
 com.example.food_app.GoogleMap$1$2
com/example/food_app/home.java
 com.example.food_app.home
com/example/food_app/Retailer.java
 com.example.food_app.Retailer
 com.example.food_app.Retailer$1
 com.example.food_app.Retailer$10
 com.example.food_app.Retailer$2
 com.example.food_app.Retailer$3
 com.example.food_app.Retailer$4
 com.example.food_app.Retailer$5
 com.example.food_app.Retailer$6
 com.example.food_app.Retailer$7
 com.example.food_app.Retailer$8
 com.example.food_app.Retailer$9
com/example/food_app/MainActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$10
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$10$1
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$11
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$2
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$3
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$4
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$4$1
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$4$1$1
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$5
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$6
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$7
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$8
 com.example.food_app.MainActivity$9
com/example/food_app/popwindow.java
 com.example.food_app.popwindow
 com.example.food_app.popwindow$1
 com.example.food_app.popwindow$1$1
com/example/food_app/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.food_app.BuildConfig
com/example/food_app/ui/Logout/LogoutViewModel.java
 com.example.food_app.ui.Logout.LogoutViewModel
com/example/food_app/WholeSaler.java
 com.example.food_app.WholeSaler
 com.example.food_app.WholeSaler$1
 com.example.food_app.WholeSaler$2
 com.example.food_app.WholeSaler$3
 com.example.food_app.WholeSaler$4
 com.example.food_app.WholeSaler$5
 com.example.food_app.WholeSaler$6
 com.example.food_app.WholeSaler$7
 com.example.food_app.WholeSaler$8
 com.example.food_app.WholeSaler$9
com/example/food_app/Interface/ItemClickListener.java
 com.example.food_app.Interface.ItemClickListener
com/example/food_app/SendEmail.java
 com.example.food_app.SendEmail
 com.example.food_app.SendEmail$1
com/example/food_app/feedbackActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.feedbackActivity
 com.example.food_app.feedbackActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.feedbackActivity$2
 com.example.food_app.feedbackActivity$2$1
com/example/food_app/ui/Logout/LogoutFragment.java
 com.example.food_app.ui.Logout.LogoutFragment
 com.example.food_app.ui.Logout.LogoutFragment$1
com/example/food_app/OTP.java
 com.example.food_app.OTP
 com.example.food_app.OTP$1
 com.example.food_app.OTP$2
 com.example.food_app.OTP$2$1
 com.example.food_app.OTP$3
 com.example.food_app.OTP$4
 com.example.food_app.OTP$5
 com.example.food_app.OTP$6
 com.example.food_app.OTP$7
 com.example.food_app.OTP$8
com/example/food_app/ProductDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.ProductDetailsActivity
 com.example.food_app.ProductDetailsActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.ProductDetailsActivity$2
 com.example.food_app.ProductDetailsActivity$2$1
 com.example.food_app.ProductDetailsActivity$3
 com.example.food_app.ProductDetailsActivity$4
com/example/food_app/Prevalent/Prevalent.java
 com.example.food_app.Prevalent.Prevalent
com/example/food_app/SettinsActivity.java
 com.example.food_app.SettinsActivity
 com.example.food_app.SettinsActivity$1
 com.example.food_app.SettinsActivity$2
 com.example.food_app.SettinsActivity$3
 com.example.food_app.SettinsActivity$4
 com.example.food_app.SettinsActivity$5
 com.example.food_app.SettinsActivity$6
